Andy Tribute

Sometime around 1995, I went to work as a Finance Mgr at Lou Grubb Ford in North Scottsdale.  It was there I met my good friend Andy Hornyak who was in sales at the dealership.  We soon figured out that not only did we both like golf (playing, watching) but we also liked to have a 'lil something riding on the outcomes of the contests, whether they were on the course or on TV.  A little "action" if you will.  Andy suggested that we should bet on the weekly PGA Tour events.  We would each pick four players and assign a dollar value to the strokes and at the end of the tournament, whoever had the fewest strokes won that amount times the dollar value to his opponent.  I remember early on Andy clipped me for some rather large losses but I was having so much fun I didn't mind.  We also added a bonus amount to be awarded if one of your picks won the tournament, a bonus if one of your players had the low round for the tournament and a penalty amount if one of your players had the high round for the tournament.  We also instituted a provision that if you had a player(s) miss the cut, you had to buy-back another player(s) to fill out your foursome. If one of your buy-back players won the tournament (happens often if someone has a hot start) you only received your buy-back fee back.  Having the winner all the way was obviously worth more. I'll never forget the week that all four of Andy's original picks missed the cut!  He was pissed!!  Eventually, Andy and his wife Linda moved to Indiana and I remember being bummed that maybe this fun game we created wouldn't continue.  As luck would have it, Andy went to work at another auto dealership and we both had access to each other via toll free 800 numbers at the dealerships.  This was before cell phones and the internet were widely in use. No texting either.  Andy or I would always call the other on Wednesday before the tournament and make our picks and Friday night to make our buy-backs if anyone needed to buy players missing the cut. We have a policy where whoever lost the previous week has the "honors" and can elect to have either the first pick of the next tournament of let his opponent have the first pick and pick both second and third.   We also implemented a policy where whoever lost at the end of the tournament had to give their opponent a congratulatory call on Monday.  We've made some slight tweaks to the format over the years, most recently we added a "Nifty 50" prize where if one of your players has a hole-in-one you win an instant 50 points.  We've now played this game almost weekly for over thirty years.  I love it and Andy and my friendship has grown to the point where he's one of my closest friends.  I've always thought that it would be cool if we could have this turned into an app or a web based game.  Andy has recently been battling some health issues and hasn't been able to play regularly.  I finally decided to tackle the job of making the app and this is the result.  Hope you like it.  

I have some enhancements planned for this app.  